Updated Connection Diagram for Playmates, Added diff between them and Fixed Typos (#105)
upsidedownlabs/docs.upsidedownlabs.tech: kits/npg-lite-kits/npg-lite-beast/index.rst

*******************

VibZ+ Playmate builds on the VibZ by including an additional 3-channel BioAmp, making it possible to record 

> and visualize up to 6 Biopotential signal channels simultaneously. It retains the vibration motor for haptic feedback, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and visualize up to 6 Bio-potential signal channels simultaneously. It retains the vibration motor for haptic feedback, 
```
